Mod 4 Gear Up Outline Template
Directions
Fork this repo

Go to your cohort folder, create a new file and copy the outline into it

Complete the outline

Name your md file with your TOPIC and LAST NAME (ex. Microaggressions_Hickmann.md)

Submit a PR to the turingschool/mod-4-gear-up-outlines repo, tag @emhickmann

OUTLINE
Each presentation should include 5-8 minutes of polished content with slides.
Link to your slide deck (google slides recommended):https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aMnC-OhL3Khm5vln2qdeIGjhgLL9zMSoH2Pg5rCdaAk/edit?usp=sharing

Name of your Gear Up Presentation: Impostor Syndrome

Talking points for your presentation:
```
  Imposter Syndrome
    What It Is
    Why It Matters
    Prevalence - in tech
  
  Some Signs and Helpful Tips
    5 types - one slide each
  
  Call to action to those not experiencing
  
  Resources at Turing - and Elsewhere

  Keep this mind as you begin the job hunt - don't be too hard on yourself!
 ```

2-3 discussion questions you might want people to discuss after your presentation: 1. 2. 3.
  
  1a) Do any traits which were mentioned resonate with you, if so - how do you think you can take steps to address these false assumptions of your capabilities?

  1b) If you haven't or don't experience Imposter Syndrome (great!) What can you do to help those who do experience this?

   2) What (if anything) do you think Turing can do to help address Imposter Syndrome in its challenging curriculum?

  3) Is this a topic worth discussing in further detail, either here at Turing or at your future employer? Why or why not?

Checklist:

 Does your Gear Up have a title?
 Do you have a slide deck that has permission for ANYONE WITH THE LINK to view it?
 Did you include an introduction of yourself?
 Did you include a connection to gear up and why this talk is important to you?
 Do you have engaging content?
 Is your talk between 5-7 minutes?
 Do you have at least three discussion questions?
 Did you implement any of the feedback that was given to you about this talk?
